Fix #91: Add `color()` method to `Field` and `FieldFactory` for HTML5 input color support (#91)
yiisoft/form-model: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.1.2 under development

> - Enh #91: Add `color()` method to `Field` and `FieldFactory` for HTML5 input color support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New #91: Add `color()` method to `Field` and `FieldFactory` for HTML5 input color support (@Mister-42)
```
